docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v2/guides/gutenberg.md

The block.json file is a configuration file that contains the settings for your block. It is used to define the block’s name, title, description, category among many other settings.

> [WordPress has a full example](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/block-api/block-metadata/) of the values you can add to your block.json. For our example, we'll follow [ACF's example](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources/acf-blocks-key-concepts/#acf-blocks-and-blockjson) with the minimal settings plus the specific ACF property. We will use `renderCallback` instead of `renderTemplate` so we can set a function callback to render all our blocks instead of creating a function for each individual block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WordPress has a full example](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/block-api/block-metadata/) of the values you can add to your block.json. For our example, we’ll follow [ACF’s example](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources/acf-blocks-key-concepts/#acf-blocks-and-blockjson) with the minimal settings plus the specific ACF property. We will use `renderCallback` instead of `renderTemplate` so we can set a function callback to render all our blocks instead of creating a function for each individual block.
```
